Simplify cron preset language in docs. (#10370)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/dag-run.rst

A DAG Run is an object representing an instantiation of the DAG in time.

Each DAG may or may not have a schedule, which informs how DAG Runs are

> created. ``schedule_interval`` is defined as a DAG argument, which can equal a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
created. ``schedule_interval`` is defined as a DAG argument, which can be passed a
```

WDYT?
